Week1:
In the first week, we formed a team and select a project which is movie finder system. 
In the first lab , we think out some novel ideas which probably would be achieved in our further development of the movie finder system. Moreover, 
I came up with some primary user stories that would be used in proposal. My part is to write the user story for the search functionality and movie detail page, 
including the corresponding recommendation list, and a navel idea which is trailers in the front page. On Saturday, we had another meeting that assign further 
tasks to each of our team members.
Week2:
I wrote the full description and how the functionality would satisfy the corresponding project objectives for my part. 
Moreover, I also build some of the storyboards which would show how our site should be interacted with users. 
In the Sunday meeting, we discussed some further details that need to be finished by one or two days.
week3:
In this week (mainly usring lab), I design the front page, signout page, and finishlised the design with Zhiyue and Yuemeng. I put all the user stories that had been signed to me into Jira and (mainly in the sprint1), and I created epics for each functionality and assign the user stories to each functionality.

week4:
In this week, on Tuesday, Yuemeng and me, we met in school to try to start the front end design, I wrote some basic stucture for the register page. (But Yuemeng completed it).
After lab, Yanting, Yuemeng and me work together to find our local host that could show our frontend design. I also complete the front end design for home page at that time.
On Saturday, Yuemeng and me linked our frontend to the backend so that we can fetch data, I complete the search page design and started detail page design.
On Sunday, I complete the movie detail page deish, which inclued the basic information and primary recommandation list. 

week5：
Before this week's demo, I complete all the tickets that had been assigned to me. On Tuesday, I met robert and Joanna to finishlise the communacation between different
page in the front end. I further modified the header so that it can work properly. I added commoent for all the Jira ticket that had been assigned to me. In the demo, I
showed the web page of search and detail page (which had been assigned to me). After the demo, my teammate and me had discuss the content for retrospective A report.

week6:
I build the bounce window in the front end so that we don't need to use alert. I complete my part fot the retrospective A report. I create director page for the detail page, and I also created genrebar that can be used for home, sorting, searching page and recommandation list. 

week7:
I have completed all my task (sorting and filtering) for sprint 2 and the task the is left to be improved from sprint1 (for example the icon in the searching bar, bounce window). I fix the header so that if would not jump to 404 under some situcations. 

Week8:
I merged all my front end code with Yuemeng and Robert, so that our functionality can smoothly work together on Monday evening. 
In the lab On Wenesday, I attend the demo B and perform the functionality that had been achieved by me, after the demo, I had the retrive meeting with other members.

Week9:
In the beginning of this week (Monday), I write the things td do for the report B. Dring lab, I merged in and install all the required package in my local app and re-discuss the details of my tasks in sprint3 with frontend team.
On Thuresday, I met with Yuemeng, and discuss the reward system with her as I would use the profile page and comment component which are partly intersect with her tasks. On that day, I add the progress bar and levels in the profile page. 
Up to Saturday, I nearly complete my tasks for sprint3, I add the sub-ratings in the write review page, and give the users the advised overall rate which is based on the sub-ratings. Moreover, when they successfully post the review, The sub-ratings would appear as a string with users' self-writing review. 
Moreover, I adjusted the recommandation system according to the change from backend. 
At Saturday night, I merged all my code with Yuemeng into her branch.
