
Week 1

Wednesday 2023/02/15

During the week 1 tutorial, I joined the group UNSoftWare and started our first group meeting. I contributed to the discussion of picking project topic as well as brainstorming novel functionalities. We ended up choosing the movie finder system as our project and set up the Jira & GitHub accounts for future project development. I became the scrum master, thus I would administrate GitHub and Jira accounts for the team. To keep us on track for completing the Project Proposal, I set up a group meeting time with team members.

Saturday 2023/02/20

I created the project group on Teams for future meetings. In the meeting, I helped with task distribution for the proposal. I was responsible for writing section (a) background of the proposal, as well as assisting with section (b) and (c). After task distribution, I wrote 10 user story for the proposal. I also discussed with the front-end team available software tools and libraries that we can use for the project. I set the deadline for finishing user stories to be Week 2 Monday. We aimed to complete around half of the proposal by week 2 tutorial so that our tutor could provide us constructive feedback on parts we've accomplished.


Week 2

Monday 2023/02/20

Today I attended the team meeting for finalizing user stories and sprints. Each team members wrote ~10 user stories, we went through each of them together and decided which one to prioritize. I suggested the start/end dates for the 3 sprints, and together we selected the user stories for the first sprint. Before the end of the meeting, we set tasks to be completed by Wednesday’s tutorial, and planned out questions that we would like to consult our tutor. 

Wednesday 2023/02/22

During the first half of week 2, I worked on writing the proposal and setting up GitHub Classroom. I learned how to do storyboards and sprints from the lecture and will apply what I've learned in project management.

Sunday 2023/02/26

Since Wednesday, I've been working on making wireframes for our website on Canva. By Sunday's meeting, I completed the parts of proposal that I was working on. I would add the complete user storied on Jira after the meeting. We set the goal to complete our proposal by mid next week so that we could move on to actual implementation.


Week 3

During this week, I worked on finalizing the proposal, including polishing Section 3 with Juliet, updating storyboards with Sookie, adding user stories to Jira, and drawing complete flow chart of our system. I submited the proposal as the scrum master on Sunday and checked with each memeber. I will be starting on frontend implementation soon.

Week 4

This is a very productive week for the frontend team. By the weekend, we've completed most of the frontend for sprint 1. I wrote the register page, login page, preference pages and homepage. It's nice seeing everything gather together. We had coding sessions together and also hosted 2 teams meetings. The team worked smoothly together. 

Week 5

This week is the Demo A week. I completed all the tickets assigned to me during sprint 1 before our Wednesday's demo, and I also helped fixing bugs with other team members. I helped with manage the Jira tickets and prepare for the demo presentation. During the demo I was responsable for intro and introducing the tickets Ive completed ( 2 authentication tickets, 3 preference tickets and the website home page). Our group had the retrospective A meeting during the lab as we had the spare time after demo. I helped darft the retrospective A report in the weekend. Form next week we'll move on to sprint 2 tickets.

Week 6

Week 6 is flexible week so nothing major happened. I contributed to writing most of the retro A report.


Week 7

This week I spent most of the time working on sprint 2 tickets. I completed the 3 tickets relating to adding/removing movies from user wishlist by mid week 7. Then during the weekend, I completed the wishlist listing page. I plan to complete the user dashbooard part by early next week and start merging & preparing for demo.

Week 8

This week I completed my assigned user stories before the Sprint 2 demo, and helped other frontend teammates with fixing their bugs so that thier webpage could be connected to Backend API. I also modified the overall style of frontend before the demo so that it looks more consistent. After the demo, I hosted the retro meeting as the scrum master. I started writing the sprint 2 report in the later half of the week. 

Week 9

This week I completed all sprint 3 user stories asisigned to me. I went beyond by adding extra functionalities like the random movie generator. In addition I fixed several frontend bugs relating to styling as well as functionalities. As the scrum master I arranged stand ups and peer coding sessions to prepare for the upcoming final demo and code/report submission.

Week 10

This week I completed the final demo along with my teammates. Before the demo, I spent the whole night fixing bugs in the frontend. IN the later half of the week, I wrote multiple parts of the project report, and submitted the work to moodle.
